WIP: Clean up Wallet code samples (#1116)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-sdk/javascript/pure-js.md

```html title="index.html"
<head>
    ...
    <script src="https://c0f4f41c-2f55-4863-921b-sdk-docs.github.io/cdn/metamask-sdk.js"></script>
    <script>
        const MMSDK = new MetaMaskSDK.MetaMaskSDK(
            dappMetadata: {
                name: "Example Pure JS Dapp",
                url: window.location.href,

>             }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            },
```

            // Other options
        )

>         // Because init process of the MetaMaskSDK is async.
>         setTimeout(() => {
>             // You can also access via window.ethereum
>             const ethereum = MMSDK.getProvider()
> 
>             ethereum.request({ method: 'eth_requestAccounts' })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Because the init process of MetaMask SDK is async.
        setTimeout(() => {
            // You can also access via window.ethereum
            const ethereum = MMSDK.getProvider();

            ethereum.request({ method: 'eth_requestAccounts' });
```
